Where have you been for the past five years?
My brother Zeying
Qiyan Xi
What are you doing here?
You shameless
You still think you have sinned before
Did my brother not hurt enough?
Miss Lin
I'm just fed up with taking care of him for a while
It's not what you think.
Since Miss Lin is here
Then you feed him
Count you
I'll tell you what.
Don't continue to follow your brother
A lowly status like you
You only cooperate with us to be a nanny
Get out of here
Brother Zeyuan
Why don't you tell me you're sick?
What about the hospitalization?
I can take care of you too
Don't eat
Let it go I want to rest
Brother Zeyuan
Don't be so cold to me?
I really love you.
At that time, he actually fell seriously ill
You are still my oath to you